Add responsible disclosure, CONTRIBUTING and README (#228)
publiccodenet/standard: community-criteria/open-to-contributions.md

* The codebase MUST have a public issue tracker that accepts suggestions from anyone
* The codebase MUST allow anyone to submit suggestions for changes to the codebase
* The documentation MUST link to both the public issue tracker and submitted codebase changes, for example in a `README` file
* The codebase MUST include an email address for security issues and responsible disclosure
* The codebase MUST include contribution guidelines explaining how contributors can get involved, for example in a `CONTRIBUTING` file
* The codebase SHOULD have a publicly available roadmap
* The codebase SHOULD advertise the committed engagement of involved organizations in the development and maintenance

> * The documentation SHOULD include a security disclosure policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The documentation SHOULD include a description on how to report potentially security sensitive issues on a closed channel
```

Author: ```suggestion
* The documentation SHOULD include instructions for how to report potentially security sensitive issues on a closed channel
```
